---
layout: page
title: About Jason
permalink: /about/
---

Welcome to my GitHub Pages, a space where I share my thoughts, experiences, and insights about technology, software development, and beyond.

### Who Am I?

I'm Jason, a lifelong learner based in NYC with a passion for technology. Educationally, and now through my career as a consultant, I have a background in technology, digital strategy, and product development, I aim to empower others through innovative solutions and insightful discussions. I've worked in big tech & consulting for more than 10 years now - working with some of the largest companies, and governments, in the world. I have a (Master's level) educational background with both an MBA(Fin & Strategy) from NYU and a BSBA from Boston in Finance, Information Systems, and Computer Science

### What You'll Find Here

This blog covers a wide range of topics, including:
- **Tech Tips**: Simplified solutions to modern & complex technical problems.
- **Biz Insights**: My background gives me a unique perspective on unlocking business value with technology
- **Coding Insights**: Educational Materials, tutorials, and lessons fro
- **Personal Stories**: Thoughts on career growth, productivity, and creativity.

### Why I Spend Time on This

I believe in the power of sharing knowledge, and have a passion for education. Through this blog, I hope to inspire, educate, and connect with like-minded individuals who share a passion for technology and growth. My goal is to always be able to share this information for free. There are sometimes costs associated with tools/products, hosting, etc. in order to keep this up. If you find this content helpful, and you're able, please consider buying me a coffee as a way of saying thanks :)

### Get in Touch

Thanks for stopping by, and I hope you find value in what I share. Feel free to <script type="text/javascript"><!--/* Generated by www.email-encoder.com */
for(var vuogfl=["PQ","Yw","bA","IA","YQ","IA","Qw","ZA","Lw","aQ","YQ","eQ","bA","aQ","Yw","cg","bQ","dA","bQ","PA","bA","YQ","Ig","ZA","Ig","YQ","bw","ZQ","aA","ZQ","Ig","PQ","bA","bA","Ig","Ig","Yg","bw","bw","bA","Zw","YQ","IA","ag","ZQ","ZQ","YQ","Ig","bA","bg","bg","YQ","dA","ZQ","bw","cw","aQ","bQ","ZQ","Og","YQ","dA","Zg","Pg","Ig","Og","bQ","Yw","Ig","cg","dA","PA","bQ","aQ","QA","Yw","TQ","aQ","cw","cw","IA","bw","PQ","Lg","bA","aw","dA","cg","YQ","aQ","PQ","ZA","Pg","IA","LQ"],vslpbc=[36,70,55,2,53,88,81,35,92,58,25,65,72,41,45,4,39,64,24,0,57,18,69,78,32,93,30,38,3,5,43,7,46,12,79,8,19,71,14,66,23,40,33,16,20,90,10,37,42,83,59,1,13,67,73,48,11,31,77,75,85,87,6,94,51,15,52,86,61,76,84,91,9,34,22,29,89,26,49,63,62,82,50,28,27,60,17,74,47,54,68,21,80,44,56],cfjjue=new Array,i=0;i<vslpbc.length;i++)cfjjue[vslpbc[i]]=vuogfl[i];for(var i=0;i<cfjjue.length;i++)document.write(atob(cfjjue[i]+"=="));
// --></script><noscript>Please enable JavaScript to see the email address (<a href="https://www.email-encoder.com/enablejs/" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">How-to</a>).</noscript> if you have any questions, feedback, or collaboration ideas. I'd love to hear from you!

You can also connect with me on social media:
  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/JasonAbed" target="_blank" aria-label="LinkedIn">
    <i class="fab fa-linkedin" style="font-size: 24px;"></i>
  </a>
  <a href="https://instagram.com/Jason_Abed" target="_blank" aria-label="Instagram">
    <i class="fab fa-instagram" style="font-size: 24px;"></i>
  </a>

---
<div style="font-size: 0.8em; color: #777;">

Please note that <b>I am currently employed as a <i>Director</i> at Microsoft Corp.</b> The views and opinions expressed here are my own and do not necessarily reflect those of Microsoft.

The information provided on this blog is for general informational purposes only. While I strive to ensure the accuracy of the content, I cannot guarantee its completeness or reliability.This blog may contain links to external websites that are not operated or controlled by me. I am not responsible for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites.The content on this blog is not intended as professional advice (e.g., legal, financial, medical) and should not be relied upon as such. Please seek professional guidance for specific concerns. I reserve the right to moderate or delete comments that are inappropriate, offensive, or 'spammy'. Opinions expressed in comments are those of the commenters and do not necessarily reflect my views.

All content on this blog, including text, images, and videos, is protected by copyright unless otherwise noted. Please do not use any material without permission.



</div>

